If you want to come, then come.
Then, tonight, I will stay here for three days.
You should go home and do something.
Even if you don't get better, even if you don't get better,
you can't stay here for three days.
I will go home and do something.
Then, I will go home and do something.
This mountain is a steep mountain.
If you climb up the hill and go to the forest,
you will find a lot of trees.
You can go anywhere.
Let's go to the forest.
From tonight, I will go to the forest with the director.
I will go to the forest with the director.
See the young man.
The man has taken and went to take.
If I give birth, if my wife can't bring it to the children,
if anything endless forever alive,
If you become a moon, you can save the future.
You can save the human feelings.
That's right.